it's going guys ph gives you and why I'm
here get some g actually part of it yeah
what it's been like a month but we got
some quickly tax year we get six pack
pick them up this time we choose walmart
great low savings every day and i just
got a pro it formed a little bit i think
you know all has no prices i can wait as
mama thank you the question is do they
have what am i looking for something and
or a rabbit for me the mains would work
like a broken flatter than a board short
agreed cigar degree that's the third one
haha krrish3 them now we have yet to
pulls mains guys I think that like we
least it was a secret no no this that
card i'll buy i do to you do so what do
you want okay I thought it was amazed
join Lord drop a little bit there in
front of the night see isn't that just
so horrible enough it looks terrible you
know I guess you peace I see it the best
route in the pack i saw some guy on ebay
rip somebody off like giving them this
just be careful what you read on ebay
guys it's it i will give you a rabbit
from photon shockwave its and they they
spent like ninety dollars and set them
up on Noah that's really good you did oh
god damn judo go what's he looking for
private a rabbit I'm vanilla vanilla
vanilla anything other than a shard I
just want to reaction to be honest and I
know everybody watching this video was a
YouTube community long waits with bated
breath short of greed would've given him
any reaction you have been bad too many
times I would have just been like here
you go two boxes for Justin the two who
shard of grapes open the bell Oh boat
rare rare Corvinus you Beast glad hurts
I gotta watch Cobra that's a plus yeah
you make a lot on giving up for them
yeah I gotta
a wind up at water them bingo cool oh
shoot so you know like yeah like yeah
okay so all right I'll see you Toby your
pack you better give me this last one
come on give you all three for three
right now did your aunt by our fire
retarded okay all right he doesn't gonna
hollow I'm giving this last pack and I
trust and there's a one remains that you
already know you want to know what it'll
be just give me jennifer or diva with
the old god what again what that meant
the ions and I'm Lord oh no no it's
looking for a deal organelle something
oh wait wait wait oh that's our super
rare black cardboard not as amazed okay
you just take that laggy you won't delay
we can share I like my idea oh alright
what it wouldn't get all in all right so
we gotta get to galaxy galaxy queen AKA
got a short agreed secret or a big
secret kind of cool and i believe
everything's gonna be up for trade ya
nothing I've got an affront a night
where the lag is it's in here yes of
course Olivia sound like a nice beach
alright cool everything to trade I guess
yeah if you guys want to see more random
like little packet openings like this
thumbs up thumbs it up give us a comment
check out the car Walmart does as well
you know check out our cards it's really
I think take care guys later yeah